It's up to 10 percent now.
Warcraft, don't worry.
It's only 10%, we can face 15%
And don't you know that taro balls?
It fluctuates so much
Maybe it will fall back in a while
What is 17% and growing?
What? Where is the stock going up? Of course it's taro balls.
What taro balls are so powerful?
How much did Tengfei pay?
Takeoff is still 15%
despised despised
How is that possible?
So stuck Wang Shao
Although your Hefei is amazing
With my name brand
Not bad boy
You're lucky this time
I'm the only one left
But dare to compete with me again
Ok I don't have to I don't have to
You can't be too greedy for a piece of land
Mr. Wang Shaoye
It's ok.
Thank you Wang Shao
King, what's wrong with you?
Wang Shaoxue
You are dead.